Welcome back.
Let's do an exercise.
Let's say I have a function called initialize in this function Initialize is let's say a view of some
sort.
Perhaps it's a web page.
And this is the first functions that initialize is the view of your web page.
Now you want to create this function but you're also hoping that people don't abuse it because we have
it out in the open in the global scope.
So people maybe somebody that's new on your developer team comes in and by mistake doesn't know that
this thing should be only called once and instead in their code they initialize a bunch of times and
maybe this is not what you wanted to do.
So that when I run this you see that we set the view three times perhaps even resetting the web page
and what the user was doing currently on the web page.
That's not good.
That's a bug.
Right.
So using what you know about closures can you turn this function into a function that can only be called
once so that even though somebody might abuse it and run it a bunch of times as long as the function
has been run once.
Well it's only going to run that one time.
Give it a go and in the next video we'll see what we can do.
I'll see in the next one.
Bob.